docs: Add wp-i18n-twig to Internationalization docs (#3061)
timber/timber: docs/v2/guides/internationalization.md

**WordPress:**

```html
<p class="entry-meta">
    <?php printf( __('Posted on %s', 'my-text-domain'), $posted_on_date ) ?>
</p>
```

**Timber:**

```twig
<p class="entry-meta">
    {# Translators: The placeholder will be replaced with the localized post date #}
    {{ __('Posted on %s', 'my-text-domain')|format(posted_on_date) }}
</p>
```

If you want to use the `sprintf` function in Twig, you have to [add it yourself](https://timber.github.io/docs/v2/guides/functions/#make-functions-available-in-twig).

## Generating localization files

### wp-i18n-twig (recommended)

The Timber team provides a [dedicated WP-CLI package](https://github.com/timber/wp-i18n-twig) that takes care of extracting translations from Twig files.

> This main benefit over other tools is that it perfectly integrates with the existing `wp i18n` command, making `.pot` file generation simple and easy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main benefit over other tools is that it perfectly integrates with the existing `wp i18n make-pot` command, making `.pot` file generation simple and easy.
```

> Note that the package isn't Timber specific, it will work with any Twig implentation making use of WordPress translation functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the package isn't Timber specific, it will work with any Twig implementation that also provides WordPress translation functions.
```

### Alternatives

> You can aslo generate `.pot`, `.po` and `.mo` files, with [Poedit](https://poedit.net/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also generate `.pot`, `.po` and `.mo` files, with [Poedit](https://poedit.net/).
```
